README.md, before:

# Flexpool Front-End (v2)

[![Production Deployment](https://github.com/flexpool/frontend/actions/workflows/deploy.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/flexpool/frontend/actions/workflows/deploy.yml)  

<h2 align="center">
<p><a href="https://beta.flexpool.io"><img src="https://static.flexpool.io/assets/brand/light.svg" width="50%"></a></p>
<p>Welcome to Flexpool.io v2 Website!</p>
</h2>

# Running locally

#### Prerequisites

* [Node.js 14 LTS](https://nodejs.org/en/)
* [Yarn](https://classic.yarnpkg.com/en/docs/install)

#### Clone the repository

```
git clone https://github.com/flexpool/frontend.git
cd frontend
```

#### Install dependencies

```
yarn install
```

#### Run the development server

```
yarn start
```

That's it! You can access the website at `http://localhost:3000`. It automatically uses the production API (`api.flexpool.io/v2`) as backend.

# Contributing

Contributions are welcome here! Make a fork, commit the changes, and submit the Pull Request to us. We will review it as soon as possible and merge it to the main repository if all is good to us.

### Join the Community

* [Discord](https://discord.gg/SmRMHTV4np)
* [Telegram](https://t.me/flexpool/)
* [Reddit](https://reddit.com/r/flexpool)

# License

This project is licensed under GNU Affero General Public License v3.0. You can read more in the [LICENSE](https://github.com/flexpool/frontend/blob/master/LICENSE) file.

By contributing to this project, you agree that Flexpool.io can change the License in the future without prior notice and approval request.

Commit message:

Add Crowdin translations link to README.md

README.md, after:

# Flexpool Front-End (v2)

[![Production Deployment](https://github.com/flexpool/frontend/actions/workflows/deploy.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/flexpool/frontend/actions/workflows/deploy.yml)  

<h2 align="center">
<p><a href="https://beta.flexpool.io"><img src="https://static.flexpool.io/assets/brand/light.svg" width="50%"></a></p>
<p>Welcome to Flexpool.io v2 Website!</p>
</h2>

# Running locally

#### Prerequisites

* [Node.js 14 LTS](https://nodejs.org/en/)
* [Yarn](https://classic.yarnpkg.com/en/docs/install)

#### Clone the repository

```
git clone https://github.com/flexpool/frontend.git
cd frontend
```

#### Install dependencies

```
yarn install
```

#### Run the development server

```
yarn start
```

That's it! You can access the website at `http://localhost:3000`. It automatically uses the production API (`api.flexpool.io/v2`) as backend.

# Contributing

Contributions are welcome here! Make a fork, commit the changes, and submit the Pull Request to us. We will review it as soon as possible and merge it to the main repository if all is good to us.

## Translating the Website

You can help us translate Flexpool.io website to your language at [Crowdin](https://crowdin.com/project/flexpoolio-website).

### Join the Community

* [Discord](https://discord.gg/SmRMHTV4np)
* [Telegram](https://t.me/flexpool/)
* [Reddit](https://reddit.com/r/flexpool)

# License

This project is licensed under GNU Affero General Public License v3.0. You can read more in the [LICENSE](https://github.com/flexpool/frontend/blob/master/LICENSE) file.

By contributing to this project, you agree that Flexpool.io can change the License in the future without prior notice and approval request.
